docs(tree): Replace usages of the term checkout with view (#15889)
microsoft/FluidFramework: experimental/dds/tree2/docs/undo/v1-undo.md

}
```

> That tree is a sparse copy of the commit tree maintained by `EditManager` and `SharedTreeView`s for branch management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That tree is a sparse copy of the commit tree maintained by `EditManager` and each view for branch management.
```
